#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --strip-extras
#
aiofiles==24.1.0
    # via unstructured-client
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.13.0
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via langchain-postgres
attrs==25.4.0
    # via aiohttp
azure-core==1.35.1
    # via azure-identity
azure-identity==1.25.1
    # via langchain-sqlserver
backoff==2.2.1
    # via unstructured
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
    #   requests
cffi==2.0.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   unstructured
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   python-oxmsg
cryptography==46.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
    #   unstructured-client
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   unstructured
elastic-transport==8.17.1
    # via elasticsearch
elasticsearch==8.19.1
    # via langchain-elasticsearch
emoji==2.15.0
    # via unstructured
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
filetype==1.2.0
    # via unstructured
frozenlist==1.8.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.75.1
    # via qdrant-client
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
h2==4.3.0
    # via httpx
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
hpack==4.1.0
    # via h2
html5lib==1.1
    # via unstructured
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   langchain-redis
    #   unstructured-client
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   qdrant-client
    #   unstructured-client
httpx-sse==0.4.2
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hyperframe==6.1.0
    # via h2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   langchain-redis
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpath-ng==1.7.0
    # via redisvl
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.31
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.78
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-elasticsearch
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langchain-redis
    #   langchain-sqlserver
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-elasticsearch==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-huggingface==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-postgres==0.0.15
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-qdrant==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-redis==0.2.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-sqlserver==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via unstructured
langsmith==0.4.33
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==6.0.2
    # via unstructured
markdown==3.9
    # via unstructured
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
ml-dtypes==0.5.3
    # via redisvl
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msal==1.34.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.3.1
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.2
    # via unstructured
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-sqlserver
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   pgvector
    #   qdrant-client
    #   redisvl
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.8.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.8.93
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.10.2.21
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.3.83
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.13.1.3
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.9.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.3.90
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.7.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.27.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.8.93
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.8.90
    # via torch
olefile==0.47
    # via python-oxmsg
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pgvector==0.3.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pillow==11.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
ply==3.11
    # via jsonpath-ng
portalocker==3.2.0
    # via qdrant-client
propcache==0.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.32.1
    # via qdrant-client
psutil==7.1.0
    # via unstructured
psycopg==3.2.10
    # via langchain-postgres
psycopg-binary==3.2.10
    # via -r requirements.in
psycopg-pool==3.2.6
    # via langchain-postgres
pycparser==2.23
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.12.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-qdrant
    #   langsmith
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   qdrant-client
    #   redisvl
    #   unstructured-client
pydantic-core==2.41.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
pyodbc==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-sqlserver
pypdf==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   unstructured-client
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via elasticsearch
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
python-iso639==2025.2.18
    # via unstructured
python-magic==0.4.27
    # via unstructured
python-oxmsg==0.0.2
    # via unstructured
python-ulid==3.1.0
    # via
    #   langchain-redis
    #   redisvl
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   redisvl
    #   transformers
qdrant-client==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-qdrant
rapidfuzz==3.14.1
    # via unstructured
redis==6.4.0
    # via redisvl
redisvl==0.9.1
    # via langchain-redis
regex==2025.9.18
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   msal
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   unstructured-client
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
simsimd==6.5.3
    # via elasticsearch
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   html5lib
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-postgres
    #   langchain-sqlserver
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   redisvl
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via
    #   langchain-huggingface
    #   transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
    #   unstructured
transformers==4.57.0
    # via sentence-transformers
triton==3.4.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   elasticsearch
    #   grpcio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-redis
    #   psycopg
    #   psycopg-pool
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-oxmsg
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   unstructured
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
unstructured==0.18.15
    # via -r requirements.in
unstructured-client==0.42.3
    # via unstructured
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   elastic-transport
    #   langchain-redis
    #   qdrant-client
    #   requests
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via unstructured
yarl==1.22.0
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
